after the long wait after a
unexpected delay
scribblenauts to the limit comes at last to
nintendo 3ds and wii so that we give rein
release our imagination
these versions of the game are
practically identical to the view in
steam which is already analyzed the year
gone through so we re -incarnate
maxwell you will have to help people
from all over the world to get the star
eyes and break the spell that is
turning his sister into stone
the mechanics of the game is maintained
intact every problem to solve will be
a puzzle that we must solve by invoking
an object with the help of our
magic notebook that turns into
actually the words in this way
we get a piece of starlight or a
will be complete if the riddle is
complex
the changes found in the versions
of nintendo are not abundant
in the 3ds version the whole game is
develops at the bottom of the
console leaving the top one with the only
show us our progress
in the levels therefore it is not done
use of the 3d effect during all the
heading this has an explanation and it's
to be able to use the touch screen to
move maxwell through the stage though
if we wish, we can also use the
analog stick and buttons for
handle the Wii version features
way off tv being able to use the stick or the
touch screen to control maxwell
the big differences between the two
versions are in online mode in wii
we have the creator editor in which
we can create upload and share our
creations with the other users in 3ds
we do not have an editor but we can use
the streetpass function with the intention
to get solutions for the puzzles
as a curiosity a little added that
it has been wanted to give these two versions
of nintendo is the ability to invoke
to characters from the saga mario and zelda
something curious to see but is relevant in
the game
on the other hand the game filled again
totally in Spanish although the
dubbing has been changed with respect to the
PC version is now located at a
Spanish from Spain and not a
neutral spanish
unlimited scribblenauts paraguay has
left in different and the 3ds version
he has disappointed us after so much
We were expecting some added
greater weight in the two versions having
note that the steam version is
identical takes more time on sale and its
price has been lowered in many
occasions now that they have all three
versions to choose only remains that you
decide which one is best for you